Documentation for data prepper dynamodb source view_on_remove feature (#6738)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sources/dynamo-db.md

The following option lets you customize how the pipeline reads events from the DynamoDB table.

Option | Required | Type   | Description

> :--- | :--- |:-------| :---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:--- | :--- |:---| :---
```

`start_position` | No | String | The position from where the source starts reading stream events when the DynamoDB stream option is enabled. `LATEST` starts reading events from the most recent stream record. 

> `view_on_remove` | No | Enum   | The [stream record view](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Streams.html) to use for REMOVE events from DynamoDB streams. Must be one of [ `NEW_IMAGE`, `OLD_IMAGE` ]. Defaults to `NEW_IMAGE`. If OLD_IMAGE is used, and the old image can not be found, NEW_IMAGE will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`view_on_remove` | No | Enum | The [stream record view](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Streams.html) to use for REMOVE events from DynamoDB streams. Must be either `NEW_IMAGE` or `OLD_IMAGE` . Defaults to `NEW_IMAGE`. If the OLD_IMAGE option is used and the old image can not be found, the source will find the `NEW_IMAGE`.
```
